Update this doc to reflect a recent change on ValidationContext.MemberName Property (#15814)
dotnet/docs: includes/migration-guide/runtime/asp/aspnet-validationcontextmembername-not-null-when-using-custom.md

|   |   |
|---|---|

> |Details|In .NET Framework 4.7.2 and earlier versions, when using a custom <xref:System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.ValidationAttribute?displayProperty=nameWithType>, the <xref:System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.ValidationContext.MemberName?displayProperty=nameWithType> property returns <code>null</code>.  Starting with [.NET Framework October 2019 Preview of Quality Rollup](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/dotnet/net-framework-october-2019-preview-of-quality-rollup/) for .NET Framework 4.8, it returns the member name when using the following settings in the *web.config* file:|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Details|In .NET Framework 4.7.2 and earlier versions, when using a custom <xref:System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.ValidationAttribute?displayProperty=nameWithType>, the <xref:System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.ValidationContext.MemberName?displayProperty=nameWithType> property returns `null`. In .NET Framework 4.8 version prior to the October 2019 update, it returns the member name. Starting with [.NET Framework October 2019 Preview of Quality Rollup](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/dotnet/net-framework-october-2019-preview-of-quality-rollup/) for .NET Framework 4.8, it returns `null` by default, but you can opt in to return the member name instead. |
```

> |Details|In .NET Framework 4.7.2 and earlier versions, when using a custom <xref:System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.ValidationAttribute?displayProperty=nameWithType>, the <xref:System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.ValidationContext.MemberName?displayProperty=nameWithType> property returns <code>null</code>.  Starting with [.NET Framework October 2019 Preview of Quality Rollup](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/dotnet/net-framework-october-2019-preview-of-quality-rollup/) for .NET Framework 4.8, it could return the member name after adding the following settings in the web config file:|

Reviewer 2: |Details|In .NET Framework 4.7.2 and earlier versions, when using a custom <xref:System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.ValidationAttribute?displayProperty=nameWithType>, the <xref:System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.ValidationContext.MemberName?displayProperty=nameWithType> property returns <code>null</code>.  Starting with [.NET Framework October 2019 Preview of Quality Rollup](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/dotnet/net-framework-october-2019-preview-of-quality-rollup/) for .NET Framework 4.8, it returns the member name when using the following settings in the *web.config* file:|

Reviewer: should this be inside a suggestion Rick?

Reviewer 2: I missed the suggestion. I've never seen suggestion. I don't think so. What should be there?

https://review.docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/framework/migration-guide/runtime/4.0-4.8?branch=pr-en-us-15814#aspnet-validationcontextmembername-is-not-null-when-using-custom-dataannotationsvalidationattribute

Author: updated

Reviewer: This is the suggestion button just for reference. Then the person can just commit your suggestion.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/12971179/68705090-4d3c4f80-0542-11ea-9e1b-3dea6d77f30d.png)

Author: I see, I didn't see the commit button for some reason so I submitted the change.

> |Suggestion|<pre><code class="lang-xml">&lt;configuration&gt;&#13;&#10;&lt;appSettings&gt;&#13;&#10;...&#13;&#10;&lt;add key=&quot;aspnet:GetValidationMemberName&quot;  value=&quot;true&quot;/&gt;&#13;&#10;...&#13;&#10;&lt;/appSettings&gt;&#13;&#10;&lt;/configuration&gt;&#13;&#10;</code></pre>In .NET Framework 4.8 versions prior to the October update, this property returns a non-null value for a custom `ValidationAttribute` by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Suggestion|Add the following setting to your *web.config* file for teh property to return the member name [.NET Framework October 2019 Preview of Quality Rollup](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/dotnet/net-framework-october-2019-preview-of-quality-rollup/) for .NET Framework 4.8 and later versions:<pre><code class="lang-xml">&lt;configuration&gt;&#13;&#10;&lt;appSettings&gt;&#13;&#10;...&#13;&#10;&lt;add key=&quot;aspnet:GetValidationMemberName&quot;  value=&quot;true&quot;/&gt;&#13;&#10;...&#13;&#10;&lt;/appSettings&gt;&#13;&#10;&lt;/configuration&gt;&#13;&#10;</code></pre>In .NET Framework 4.8 version prior to the October 2019 update,  adding this to your *web.config* file restores the previous behavior and the property returns `null`.|
```

> |Suggestion|<pre><code class="lang-xml">&lt;configuration&gt;&#13;&#10;&lt;appSettings&gt;&#13;&#10;...&#13;&#10;&lt;add key=&quot;aspnet:GetValidationMemberName&quot;  value=&quot;true&quot;/&gt;&#13;&#10;...&#13;&#10;&lt;/appSettings&gt;&#13;&#10;&lt;/configuration&gt;&#13;&#10;</code></pre>In .NET Framework 4.8 version prior to the October update, this property returns a non-null value for a custom `ValidationAttribute` by default.

Reviewer 2: |Suggestion|<pre><code class="lang-xml">&lt;configuration&gt;&#13;&#10;&lt;appSettings&gt;&#13;&#10;...&#13;&#10;&lt;add key=&quot;aspnet:GetValidationMemberName&quot;  value=&quot;true&quot;/&gt;&#13;&#10;...&#13;&#10;&lt;/appSettings&gt;&#13;&#10;&lt;/configuration&gt;&#13;&#10;</code></pre>In .NET Framework 4.8 versions prior to the October update, this property returns a non-null value for a custom `ValidationAttribute` by default.

Author: done.
